---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---
So I think we’re moving forward with GitLab, and I’m not going to change teams. I wanted to work on p5 after the Brave transition but the team feels like it looks barren and they don’t feel like trying to squeeze work out of something they don’t want to do. Which I understand, honestly. I think p5 is awesome personally and I really enjoy using it, and it fits really nicely into my passions as a creative technologist. Godot also seems really interesting as a project but that seems like an even more laborious project for Dan and Harry. And they’re seniors: I feel terrible asking good people, my friends even, to work harder on something because I want to further my own ‘junior’ ambitions of building and trying to find my place in the field. 

<!--more-->

The Gitlab [about](https://about.gitlab.com/why-gitlab/) page triggers something feral and foul inside me that I’m not sure anyone can understand. I have a deep disdain for tech buzzwords, for acronyms, and for the system in tech around sourcing VC funding with smoke and mirrors. What is the product, and why can’t we communicate what our product is effectively? I feel annoyed joining a community that talks about its own product in this way, and I have beef with corny tech companies. I also kind of have beef with Agile, but I don’t understand it well enough to critique it: more about Agile sometime soon probably. However. I trust Harry basically completely, more than anyone else in the major probably. Which is why I joined his group and if he feels good about this project I know things will probably be okay. 

And honestly, p5 is a personal passion. If we were working on p5 for group, then I couldn’t use it as my individual. And who do I look like forcing Harry and Dan to learn computer graphics? This is why the class has individual contributions, and I’m just sad that I can’t double my work, I guess, but this is literally my major.  If I’m not comfortable spending a night inside coding then I can’t hope for any success here. I’m really hopeful about just doing this all myself and maybe continuing these p5 or godot contributions into the summer. I think I know enough Linear Algebra to start learning Computer Graphics myself, and it will be annoying working on Gitlab at the same time, but I will make it work.