---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
So, the Delta skin is done! I can finally start interacting like I'm a part of this community. The discord is so pleased, which feels awesome. And also stupid: like why are you telling me to fix this thing that I made and gave to you for free and you have an anime profile picture? Please mind your own business, or at the very least tell me I'm awesome first instead of tagging me with your issue. I'm also going to change some documentation if they'll let me because the way that compression works with the skin is actually crazy. 
<!--more-->
If you compress a folder with all the stuff you need for the skin, the app will break and it won't be able to read the folder. You need to compress the files inside directly, then take that `.zip` file and rename it to `.deltaskin`, instead of compressing a `dir` containing your files. This feels crazy to not mention. Also, the fact that there's even a compression difference between compressing three files and compressing a dir with three files inside. The decompression of these two files yield the exact same dir with the same three files. This is a weird and unintuitive issue, in my opinion. Computer functions like compression should be 1:1...and onto I guess while we're at it. I need my computer functions to be both bijective and open-source! Kidding, of course. 

But many many people in the discord are having an issue with that part of the skin-making process. Hopefully, my documentation change will make things clearer. 