---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---
I'm super excited to have contributed to the number one app on the App Store. I've actually been using this app for a long time, and only recently, after the EU gave Apple a really hard time, has Apple had to allow this app on the App Store. In all honesty, there's no reason for Apple to allow this app on the App Store because it seriously enables and abets software/game piracy. Especially against one of Apple's biggest coprorate backers, Nintenndo. From a corporate standpoint, Apple needs Nintendo on their side to keep allowing their hit games on the iPhone. Pokemon Go was such a huge hit in 2016, and I'm sure Apple would love to maintain good relations with the only gaming company not owned by a direct Apple competitor. Sony is kind of only in competition with Apple as far as headphones, but even then, the two companies never see eye to eye. Regardless of all of that, there have been circumstances forcing Apple's hand to allow emulators on the App Store. Delta is by far the most polished one, and it benefits from that. The design is unmistakably Apple, with the benefit of leaning into Swift with everything you have. 
 

While perusing an open-source repository in high school, Riley stumbled upon the code for a jailbreak Game Boy Advance emulator. Intrigued by the idea of bringing retro gaming to iOS devices without the need for jailbreaking, Testut set out to create his own emulator, which would later be known as GBA4iOS. And despite facing initial technical hurdles and skepticism, it quickly gained popularity among users eager to play classic Game Boy Advance games on their iPhones and iPads. However, Testut soon encountered roadblocks in the form of Apple's strict App Store policies, which prohibited the distribution of emulators. He actually got the go-ahead from a member of Apple's platform team to publish the sequel, Delta, but it was obviously rescinded. 
Undeterred by Apple's restrictions, Testut pivoted his efforts towards creating AltStore, a platform that allowed users to sideload apps onto their iOS devices without jailbreaking. Through extensive research and experimentation, Testut developed AltStore as a workaround to Apple's limitations, providing users with a gateway to emulated gaming experiences.
Despite the complexities of the sideloading process and concerns about security, AltStore has garnered a dedicated following within the gaming community. Testut's perseverance and ingenuity in challenging Apple's policies resonated with users seeking alternatives to the mainstream App Store offerings. Hence, Apple allowed Delta on the App Store to discourage people from using AltStore.