---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---
I really enjoyed these browser extensions, and I had a fun time presenting mine. I'm so interested in the fact that so many people decided to create productivity software. What's this mingling between being productive making software and making productive software? Is it that as engineers, we’re cursed to efficient-ize, optimize, and to look for bugs in every system including the one that our brains live in? To eternally look up to Stanford Psychiatrists like Andrew Huberman, not just any psychiatrist but the one at Stanford, with the ‘systemic thinking’ in the Silicon Valley. I fear I’ve exhausted this weekly blog post’s ability to hold my contempt for Palo Alto: until next time. 

<!--more-->

In other news, I am excited to work on as much emulation software as possible. The more I consider my path in Computer Science the more I see myself applying as much of it as possible to graphics rendering and optimization. I fear I may have a sick obsession with graphics, frame rates, and polygons. That being said, there’s several ethical/community issues with the emulator community.

Like, it’s basically impossible to engage in emulation legally. Hence, it feels weird to have those projects on my github page, especially given that my username is ‘rajsodhinyu’. Need to dox me? There’s my full government name and exactly who you need to report me to, a school who literally suspended several students last fall for supporting values the university prides itself on.