---
layout: post
title: W3 Git Activities
---

Make your blog post for the week. Comment on the git exercises we did in class. Comment on the work with your team and progress you have made towards your first browser extension (what are some problems the group is facing, what good things happened, how do you fit into the collaboration, what are your biggest contributions)

I think one thing that's wonderful about this class is that it brings together CS seniors in a way we don't often get a chance to. I've never felt a lot of community in the major and I think the students in this class are mostly pre-dispositioned to be in a social or at least community oriented mood,given that those are the ideals fo the opens ource  ommunity. I think that it's intesting that we aren't ecouraged to communicate, or work with each other or access the open web until what might be out last wsmsester at the school. At least taking this  alss in the spring, i notice a lot of thse tudents are about to gradutate, and I would be too if i wasn't doning a double major. The cojnflict betweeen the CS student curriculums and the real workin gexperiience of engineers is something taht I notice but don't have a soultion for, yet. It's clear that in a techincal subjecttl like this, we need to make our own mistakes. 

All of this is to say, I enjoyed being in a class with semi-familiar faces, and I enjoyed the git exercise because I was allowed to ask for help from my peers without feeling like I was being academically di9shonest. In my opinion, it's very important to engage in helping and soliciting help from your peers as to maintain a good workplace culture, as the sentiment taht you're working with talented and smart peopel can only help your motivation to continue building. I think allowing yourself to find awe in your peers is one of the reasons engineering works as an industry, not just startups. Engineering not only has the 'ability' to be collaborative, it is neccessitavitvely collaborative in my opinion. 

For the extension, I was impressed that one of my groupmates ahd already a very ambitious extension before. I myself started my coding journey when i was really upset that spotify links weren't opening in app, and just in the web browser (this must have been 2016). I taught myself a very minimal amount of javascript in order to parse and redirect myself using the spotify link format and ran it on my computer for around three weeks until Spotify added an 'open in app' button. Thankfully, that first extension didn't require any API use, just a conversion from 'play.spotify.com/x/y' to 'spotify:x:y' or something like that. For my group, we are currently trying to decide if we should build on the one groupmates ambitious prior project or start something from scratch. I think something simple that modifies the html or css of the page is a good idea. 