---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---
Honestly, after working on it for like weeks and months, the skin that I was working on for the emulator app is going to be done soon I think. I actually hate it here, I cannot believe the way that this skin process goes. With a lot of respect for this blog I'll try to keep this kosher, but when importing the skin template into illustrator, instead of importing an actual shader into the file, the software should import a pink that gets darker over time. Instead, it reads countless pink rectangle with each having a black border. Instead of reading the gradient, it literally reads the item pixel by pixel and you have to cut through like almost 100 shapes to simplify it to one, and then you have to reimport the gradient. 
<!--more-->
It's stuff like this that remind me why we have designers and engineers as separate societal roles, because I have no idea how this type of inconsistency would fly at all in a codebase. This is like running Java through gcc except it's written in a version of Java that's completely obsolete. I'm geniunely wondering what this developer (mind you, who is literally famous at this point after being the center of a literal world-wide political storm around Apple and the EU) is using to make the skins for his precious app. I honestly think it's maybe [Gimp](www.gimp.org) or something equally random. There should, at the very least, be an open standard so things can at least render easily. This projet has taken way too long and I'm suffering from sunk cost fallacy, I fear. 