---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---
Stallman’s wikipedia page is so interesting. He’s noted first as an activist, then a programmer (interesting), his page is remarkably well manicured, and the tone is slightly in awe. I could be projecting, but of course Stallman is a bit of a God to wikipedia editors. Here is a white-haired man who invented your philosophy and taught you how to be good: now be a good disciple and transcribe his teachings.

They are good teachings, Stallman’s another genius dropout. But at least he got a bachelors at Harvard, in Physics no less. And went straight to PHD. Maybe easier in the 1970s, but still so impressive. Sometimes it feels like the cutting edge of CS is not CS but rather physics: anyone doing anything fun with quantum needs such a large physics background. 

<!--more-->

Our Brave idea seems like it’s not going to work, and it’s kind of sad. I was really excited to work in many different possible languages like Swift, Rust, etc and learn more about browsers. I’ve been on a real browser kick lately and I feel like this would have been interesting to explore. Because I don’t think browsers get enough attention for the role they play in technology in 2024. 

Browsers mediate almost everything about the internet. Not just because it’s the window through which you see everything through, it also shapes the way that things are designed. Most things built with Agile (which is basically everything these days) is a React app because of the browser, because of state updates,And it’s not just ‘the browser’, theres only one browser: Chrome. Chrome/Google/GoogleAds literally run the web, from tip to tail. They own the cart, the horse, the road, the toll, and the traffic lights. When a website breaks on Chrome, it might as well not exist. The browser changes a lot, it shapes a lot. It’s basically the only app on your computer sometimes. Now that everything is the internet, the internet browser becomes the medium through which you interact with everything: which is powerful.