---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---
The thing that interested me the most was the Massachusetts legislation initiative. And before reading it, the first question i had was about how Open Source initiatives could interact with public good initiatives, like the general democratic process and fair litigation. At the surface, it makes sense. FOSS is for the people, by the people, right? Why not apply ‘all code is made shallow by a thousand eyes’ to a criminal case? Why not treat civic Law like documentation? 

<!--more-->

If the point of a jury is to have a fair representation of society, why only have twelve people? Why even hold due process in person? Why not have a huge online voting pool with thousands of viewers watching Zoom court and voting on the verdict on an agnostic platform? Actually, Twitch would work perfectly…. it has chat features, a strong streaming pipeline, and people could vote on criminal cases right alongside watching their favorite streamers! 

Of course, this idea is ridiculous: we can’t move the legal system to Twitch, and we definitely should not crowd-source due process. This long winded joke illustrates just how slippery a slope claiming the altruistic good can be. 

So MAPLE isn’t an open-sourcing of the Legal system, rather it’s a way to submit testimony about legislation. Which is commendable, it probably feels incredibly hard for people in public service to get civilians to participate in their own democracy, even if we should. However, I can’t wane cynical and think this is just more politician smoke and mirrors. If one wants to truly strengthen the relationship between constituents and legislators, you could follow the people’s will and not your donors.