---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---
I’m still not super interested in this GitLab project, but after reflecting on it over spring break, I’m definitely just making excuses. It feels pointless, and I’m here to do real work, right? But what is the real work? Am I committed to being the type of developer who ‘only engages with things he likes’? No, I’m not. I look down on people like that, and so should everyone. Sometimes we have to do hard things, and if we’re being rewarded for it with money or a good grade, even more of a reason. If I even got the chance to work on Godot, who’s to say I would even feel more motivated? No one is stopping me from contributing individually, and I don’t feel incredibly inclined to work on it now. Which brings me to today’s topic: employer fetish.  

How many people work at Apple on an internal tool but stay because they get to work at Apple? I have an acquaintance whose job is to actively help political censorship efforts at a big tech company. Not an internal tool, but not a very ethical or impactful one either to him. He doesn’t like his job, but he loves the low hours, the remote options, the high paycheck. In other words, he loves that his work isn't a lot of work. He’s only really unethical for 12 hours a week, the rest of the time him and his girlfriend are going to gorgeous dinners and expensive beaches. 

But if he was working somewhere that he loved, maybe the paycheck would be less. And then he’d have to work more hours, and then he wouldn’t be in Cancun right now. But maybe he would be happier? But then, how long until he hates this job too? Children don’t dream of labor, right? So is work just work? Then why not work somewhere completely illicit: Lockheed Martin is always hiring.

The issue is this grey area that corporate culture has delighted in finding and widening. Your job is bad, but not too bad. Your school is bad, but not too bad. This is the equilibrium that late stage capitalism has found, sucking just enough joy out of every little aspect of life, paying you just enough money to buy the new thing they made to bring some of that joy back. Depressing, but it doesn’t have to be. 

Find joy in your work: find play in your studies. Staying curious is the only thing that matters in life, I think. Forgive mistakes, take deep breaths. The only moment is now. More next week.