---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Open Source, for me, is heavily tied up in the political and the way that access to capital restricts creativity. What is a society where one has to be "rich" to create? If the question is how rich, why even have the question at all? Why have this system at all? I find considerable support for these leftist ideas in other spaces, like my other nyu major (MCC) where students are forced to read critical theory (not always the solution) and discuss ideas like "Why does San Francisco boast the highest wealth gap in the country" and "What does it mean when tech companies like Apple, Google, Meta are one of the biggest donors to politicians, and how does it connect to the Middle East?". These are some of the questions whose answers have shaped my viewpoint, and is the reason for me registering for this class. I aim to connect these critical ideas of access, community, and freedom to the highly technical and exclusive space of computer science.

<!--more-->
PureData is a visual programming language used to create multimedia works. In a simple sense, PD allows designers to pull in data (audio, web databases, cameras, textures, video files) as a node, then transform it (math, combinations, divisions, switching) and then export it (as audio, web databases, cameras, textures, live video, files) etc. The core idea of PD is to allow anything to become numbers, and for anything to come from numbers. PD is core to my art as a new media artist, as I use TouchDesigner, an app based on PD with a similar 'numbers to numbers' pipeline.

Another open source project that I have come to love is Chromium. One of my favorite products, [Arc](www.arc.net), is built on Chromium by some ex-Chromium devs, and other people. Chromium itself is a very cool open source project that has come to shape the way that the internet is built, and I think it's cool that the software that each website expects you to be running is open source and accessible. I think even Edge is built on Chromium now. 

OpenEmu is a mac emulator that compiles several other open source projects to allow users to emulate old Nintendo systems and play backed up games (ROMs). Given that some of these old and incredibly influential games are no longer being manufactured, it's important that people who own these games on a cartridge and the system are able to continue to play the software that they purchased. I do not support software piracy, but I understand that archiving is a vital to media history and designers creating new works.

7zip is a famous piece of open source compression software responsible for the .7z type, popular with Gen Z Windows Users. 7zip boasts lossless compression that is better than some industry standards, but is allowed to be decompressed by everything because it is open source. In my opinion, a topic such as compression with objective improvement, several methods, and a need for reversal should definitely be open source all the time. 